Chibuike 19/add ai engineer content (#7349)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/ai-engineer/content/agents-usecases@778HsQzTuJ_3c9OSn5DmH.md

# Agents Usecases

> In AI engineering, "agents" refer to autonomous systems or components that can perceive their environment, make decisions, and take actions to achieve specific goals. Agents often interact with external systems, users, or other agents to carry out complex tasks. They can vary in complexity, from simple rule-based bots to sophisticated AI-powered agents that leverage machine learning models, natural language processing, and reinforcement learning.

Reviewer: The explanation of what Agents are is unnecessary here given this topic's location on the roadmap.

> In AI engineering, "agents" refer to autonomous systems or components that can perceive their environment, make decisions, and take actions to achieve specific goals. Agents often interact with external systems, users, or other agents to carry out complex tasks. They can vary in complexity, from simple rule-based bots to sophisticated AI-powered agents that leverage machine learning models, natural language processing, and reinforcement learning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# Agents Usecases

> 
> The key Usecases for Agents includes the following: recommendation system, personal assistant, customer service chatbot services, Ai trading agents and many others.
> 
> Visit the following resources to learn more:
> 
> - [@article@Top 15 Use Cases Of AI Agents In Business](https://www.ampcome.com/post/15-use-cases-of-ai-agents-in-business)
> -[@article@A Brief Guide on AI Agents: Benefits and Use Cases](https://www.codica.com/blog/brief-guide-on-ai-agents/https://www.codica.com/blog/brief-guide-on-ai-agents/)
> -[@video@The Complete Guide to Building AI Agents for Beginners](https://youtu.be/MOyl58VF2ak?si=-QjRD_5y3iViprJX)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

AI Agents have a variety of usecases ranging from customer support, workflow automation, cybersecurity, finance, marketing and sales, and more.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@Top 15 Use Cases Of AI Agents In Business](https://www.ampcome.com/post/15-use-cases-of-ai-agents-in-business)
-[@article@A Brief Guide on AI Agents: Benefits and Use Cases](https://www.codica.com/blog/brief-guide-on-ai-agents/)
-[@video@The Complete Guide to Building AI Agents for Beginners](https://youtu.be/MOyl58VF2ak?si=-QjRD_5y3iViprJX)
```
